1. Conditions
By inviting the Discord Bot Karis, accessible via https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=965564884572065874&permissions=1240674598007&scope=applications.commands%20bot, you agree to these Terms of Service and agree that you are responsible for are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.
If you do not agree to any of these terms, you are prohibited from inviting this bot. The materials contained in this Discord bot are copyrighted and trademarked.

2. License to Use
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials from Karis for personal, non-commercial viewing only. This is a license grant, not a transfer of title, and under this License you may not:
Modify or copy the Materials;
Use the Materials for any commercial purpose or for public display;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Materials;
or transmit the Materials to any other person or mirror the Materials on any other server.

If you violate any of these restrictions, the developer of Karis may terminate your use of Karis.
Upon termination, your right of inspection will also terminate and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession, whether in hard copy or electronic form.

3. Disclaimer
All Karis Materials are provided "as is". Karis makes no warranties, express or implied, and therefore disclaims all other warranties.
Further, Karis makes no representations as to the accuracy or reliability of use of the Materials or any such materials linked to Karis.

4. Restrictions
Karis or its suppliers shall not be liable for any damages resulting from the use of, or inability to use, the Karis Materials, even if Vulpo or a viewing representative of this website has been notified orally or in writing of the damages to this website.
Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or liability for incidental damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.

5. Revisions and Errors
Karis Materials could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Karis does not warrant the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the Materials.
Karis reserves the right to make changes to the acquired materials at any time without prior notice.
Karis makes no commitment to update the Materials.

6. Left
Karis has not reviewed all of the linked sites and is not responsible for the contents of any linked site.
The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Karis of the site. Use of any linked website is at the user's own risk.

7. Changes to the Terms of Use
Karis reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time and without notice.
By using Karis, YOU agree to be bound by the most current version of these Terms of Service.

8. Your privacy
Please read our privacy policy.

9. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Karis shall be governed by the laws of Germany without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
